# Only for dev

If you are readinng this document it means that:

- you are wathing codebase
- you want to contribute with a PR

This small document want to help you to undestand how project is structured

# Structure

- `src`: all typescript files used to build the library
- `src/types.ts`: this if the only file parsed by tsc and used in package.json to export types. See `generate-types` script
- `src/pages`: this folder is used for development and after the build it's copyed in the dist folder since typescript does not handle non ts/js files.
- `dist` output
- `playground`: we can use thia folder to prototype new feature and test in realt time. By default `dev server` point to this folder.
- `example`. This folder (which is in gitignore) is generated by `"marilena --create-example"`. It should remain working and without edits.
- `nodemon.json`: project use nodemon for development.

# What I have to remember?

The 2 goal if this project:

- project need to provide a working `"marilena --server"` to open a server and used for diplay the rendered output
- project need to provide a working `"marilena --build"` to take all emails and create the output
- point 1 and point 2 share some methods.

# How can I build new feature?

- study project structure
- use playground (os create a copy) folder with dev mode combination (nodemon)
- add test with snapshot if fix/feature are regarding an email output
- add a test anyway :)
- add cypress test if you think that changes are regarding playground
